and it is just simply a demonstration to
show this little mixer before it's
disposed of it's a Sony and there we are
so DMX 510 just a little portable semi
suitcase mixer originally made for
completely unbalanced operation with
jack sockets on the input and and photo
sockets so you could switch between a
line input attenuated microphone and
full microphone each one of these five
channels having its own little fader and
a master fader here at the the right
hand side no particular level markings
or than just naught to 10 an indication
here bracketing that you should get it
in this area for optimum performance and
the little sliders are all rather sweet
in order to mark the position that you
wanted to come up to once you decided on
your levels again that's kind of really
to do with the fact that you don't have
any any fine control over the input over
the input sensitivity and only one of
these channels has a pan pot makes a big
deal of it being a pan pot but I did
quite a few little recordings with this
and I was very pleased with it it runs
off 12 volts worth of batteries so
that's an awful lot of batteries in the
back of the thing all C sized cells
actually check the only thing about it
is they did last a long long time there
are no batteries in here at the moment
again headphone output completely
hopeless just Sloan off the outputs so
virtually no power whatsoever but it's a
sweet little unit I've got this little
plate on here for for just scribbling on
what's going on although I'll simply use
an indelible ink and it's stuck on I
modified the back of the
unit and you probably see there as try
that to put Excel ours in here and for
phonos certified photos for photo
imports line level inputs and phonos the
left and right main output just a Lordan
power replacing the original little thin
metal arrangement the thing does provide
a degree of phantom power in the sense
that that it will feed 12 volts which is
the battery voltage available in here
out as phantom power onto these so some
of the electorate star microphones would
actually be able to handle that and work
so there we are that's that is the Sony
mixer Sony MX 510